# Web Service in Go

This is a demo project that shows how to create a simple web service in Go. It uses the net/http and mux packages to handle HTTP requests and responses, and the json package to encode and decode data in JSON format. It also uses the log and io packages to write log messages to both the console and a file.

## Features

The web service has the following features:

- A `/greet` endpoint that returns a greeting message based on the name parameter. For example, `/greet?name=Alice` returns `Hello, Alice!`.
- A `/users` endpoint that supports GET and POST methods. The GET method returns a map of users with their names and emails. The POST method creates a new user with the given name and email and returns the user data in JSON format.
- A `/notes/{note_id}` endpoint that supports GET method. It returns a note with the given id, title, and body in JSON format.

## Installation

To run the web service, you need to have Go installed on your machine. You can download Go from [here](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax). You also need to install the mux package from the Gorilla toolkit, which is a powerful HTTP router and URL matcher. You can install it by running the following command:

```bash
go get -u github.com/gorilla/mux
```

## Usage
To start the web service, navigate to the project folder and run the following command:
```bash
go run main.go
```

This will start the web server on port 8080 and log any errors to the console and a log file. You can then use a web browser or a tool like curl or Postman to send requests to the web service and see the responses.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Acknowledgments
This project was generated by Copilot, an AI companion that helps you write better code.